hello in this tutorial I teach you to
place two different types of
numbering in a single document of
microsoft word on many occasions we
they ask that our index introduction and
objectives go with Roman numbers and the
rest of the document
go with normal numbering to achieve
this we must go to the page where
will be the transition between the numbering
Roman or the numbering that you put in your
document and the normal numbering in this
here the objectives end and in the
next page I have the development of
all my work therefore I'm going to put
the cursor on the objectives page
then I'll go to the design option of
page option jumps and next pages
now I go back to the start option and in the
button show everything that is in
the set of paragraph options will
I click
when clicking we will see a set of
symbols like this and we must make sure
that the section break is to say a
set of similar texts and symbols
to this they are placed
exactly on the last page where
we want Roman numeration
for example the last page where I
I will place Roman numerals is in the
objectives then on the next page I
I have the programming of resources and
costs which is the development of everything
my work now well if you look under
with this set of symbols I get under my
main title therefore I'm going to
eliminate those symbols and already leaves them in
the place where I had it
after this we have divided
our document in two sections the
first with we will have Roman numerals and
the second where we will have numbering
normal in case there is any section
Where it is not, it has a number of
page you should only apply another
section break and now we're going to
remove all these symbols by clicking
on the same button show everything and already
our document is so normal then
we proceed to insert the numbers of
pages for that we're going to the option
insert page number you choose the
the page format you want in this
case I'm going to choose a normal one if you
fixed in everything I want number
Roman I have a normal numbering for
so I'm not going to go to options
page number design
then format page number and I'll choose
the format
Roman
now if you look at the part where it would be
the index the introduction and the
targets already have normal numbering
but where the development of the
document of a file we have a
number four and from what starts
with number one therefore I will go to
the design option and here where it says
navigation I'm going to remove this option that
says to link to the previous one with this already
our two sections are
completely divided and unlinked
Therefore, any change you make here
it will not affect the Roman numeration that
I had here now I'm going to select the
number 4 I'm going to the page number of
new format page number and that of
start at 1 and then we accept and
Now we have Roman numerals in
the first pages and numbering
traditional that throughout the development
of the document
The last step is to generate an index for
that we must place title format in
all those issues that we want to be
show in the index if you want a
more detailed description of this in the
description is a link that
I had now a video that speaks
specifically about this
once we have placed all the titles
desired we proceed to generate
automatically our index we
we go to the page where we want
place it then the references option
table of contents and last table
automatic
if you look at microsoft guard I think my
document and in introduction and objectives
in Roman numerals and in the rest of the
normal numbering document
and is now expected tutorial you have
been very useful